Let's, walkthrough a wireless implementation project.
Here are the initial requirements.
The organization has three geographic locations and an aggressive growth plan.
They are requesting a solution with high throughput and signal strength.
They do not want a complicated configuration.
Based on what we've learned in our research,
here are the following recommendations.
Due to the multiple geographic locations and the desire for simplicity and configuration,
we recommend a Cloud-based controller rather than an on-premises controller.
A mesh network layout where all the access points communicate with their neighbors,
will allow for the throughput and signal strength the customer requested.
Many vendors offer access points that will auto
configure based on a neighboring access points configuration.
This simplifies configuration and makes scaling the network easier.
As a precaution, we recommend an N plus 1 quantity of access points,
where N equals a given number of access points in a specific area,
such as a segment of a floor.
This will allow additional coverage and will provide
consistent connectivity should a single access point fail.
There are many vendors that offer solutions that will meet these requirements.